[Applause]
Hey we're about to find out why what you
see first reveals unexpected truth about
you optical illusions are tricky to say
the least you might see one thing in the
image yet someone else will try to
convince you that it's another and
that's exactly why optical illusions can
be like a personality test to reveal the
truth about you just click that
subscribe button and ring the
notification bell to join the bright
side of life and let's begin the test is
pretty simple as soon as you see the
image make note of what popped out at
you first
depending on what you saw immediately
you'll get a description of some
attribute to your personality here we go
optical illusion number one
[Music]
did you see a tree first thing off the
bat if so you tend to pay a bit too much
attention to details on the bright side
you're really great at reading other
people's moods this makes you a tactful
and sympathetic person and if you first
notice a couple facing each other your
logical rational and calm this helps you
reason with people even if they feel
agitated or nervous here's optical
illusion number two
[Music]
if you can't help but see a doc then
you're probably right brain meaning that
you're more of an artistic and creative
type you have a well-developed intuition
and a rich imagination you can easily
visualize your feelings and you probably
spend a good amount of time daydreaming
as for the opposite left-brained people
immediately see a rabbit if this is you
then you have outstanding analytical
abilities and you're great at writing
reading and computation people
appreciate your logic mathematical
skills and linear thinking optical
illusion number three
[Music]
if it was a candlestick that drew your
attention first you're great at seeing
the big picture and don't get lost in
all the details your critical thinking
skills are also pretty sharp some
psychologists say that those who see a
candlestick first are introverts that
prefer to spend their time at home does
this describe you sound off in the
comments below now if you notice the
faces first you're very detail-oriented
if a problem arises you face it head-on
you're probably more extroverted which
is why it's extremely important for you
to surround yourself with people who can
support you and stimulate your need for
social interaction optical illusion
number four
[Music]
do you immediately see a young woman in
a fancy hat and fur coat looking away
from the viewer then you have a joyful
and optimistic personality you can be a
little too impulsive though living your
best life in the moment and all and if
you noticed an old woman with a scarf on
her head
you're a critical person you have a lot
of life experience and try to look at
the world from different perspectives
you're also quite empathetic and able to
really put yourself in other people's
shoes optical illusion number five did
you see a car in this picture if so you
value your freedom you prefer to move at
your own speed and if things go
according to your own plan your ability
to notice finite details fascinates many
you're known as a person who perhaps
over analyzes things which sometimes
cloud your judgment and keeps you from
making fast decisions in case of an
emergency if your first thought was that
you were looking at a man holding
binoculars you usually don't pay too
much attention to details you prefer to
concentrate on the bigger picture you
don't typically collect and analyze
information thoroughly preferring to
absorb it with a few quick glances
instead there's also a third option with
this illusion if you notice the letter A
first you're a rare type that is you
spot things that most people miss this
gives you a unique perspective and a
real outside-the-box type of thinking
optical illusion number six
if you immediately saw a beautiful young
woman then the right hemisphere of your
brain is developed better than the left
one again this means that you're a
creative and artistic person you're
great at expressing yourself and have a
highly developed emotional intelligence
and you can't complain about a lack of
imagination if you saw a man playing the
saxophone your left brain logic is your
strong suit
you would sell at analytical thinking in
numbers besides that you can be really
skilled in languages optical illusion
number seven
[Music]
is that big crocodile jumping out at you
then you're probably a pretty practical
individual cautious and careful you
prefer to avoid any risk-taking from
time to time you concentrate more on the
negative aspects of life instead of its
bright sides as soon as you learn to
relax and enjoy life more you'll feel a
lot better now if you noticed a boat
with two people in it sailing along a
river you are an observant person you
have a great eye for detail you notice
everything that's happening around you
also your personality has a creative
side plus you can find a way out of any
ambiguous situation optical illusion
number 8
[Music]
now most people notice a dog's tail and
hind leg in this picture if you're one
of them you always try to look for
original decisions to your problems you
use not only your logical thinking but
also a creative approach if you paid
attention to a dog snout in the negative
space of the image you prefer consistent
analysis of reality you use more of an
analytical approach when it comes to
problem solving optical illusion number
9 for those who see two crocodiles
touching noses this means that you
always try to be in control of every
situation in your life you'd rather be
in charge than obey orders at the same
time when you take a leadership role
you're not super authoritarian you're an
attentive chief to your subordinates if
you first notice a bird you're more
comfortable taking orders from other
people this doesn't mean you lack a
personal opinion or leadership skills
you're just a little better at executing
tasks given to you people perceive you
as a pleasant friendly and sociable
person that they can always count on
[Music]
optical illusion number 10
if the first thing you saw in this
picture was a dark-haired woman sitting
on the ground then you have sharp
observational skills and an eye for
detail also you're a reserved and
introverted person when you're
surrounded by too many people you get
tired real fast people see you as the
quiet and shy type you do make it kind
of hard for other people to get to know
you but you genuinely enjoy your
solitude and don't feel lonely or
rejected whatsoever and if you saw a
face with a really wide jaw area then
you tend to neglect details and go for
the big picture and of course you're
more likely more on the extroverted side
socializing chatting and hanging out
with your friends and acquaintances
gives you energy instead of draining it
like it would for an introvert you
prefer to solve problems by discussing
though you have an easygoing and open
personality people often describe you as
approachable and friendly and if you
didn't see any of the pictures at all
that we talked about well that means it
might be time for an eye exam eh hey did
you find anything unexpected about your
personality let us know in the comments
below remember to give this video a
thumbs up share it with your friends and
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]